[Music]
my name's I have a British passport I
used to be living in Britain but I've
been in G for a year now and W it has
been a very very interesting
year I'm here in the park in in the city
Hamad in Gaza the kids playing in the
park with the bombs going off there
planes above K bomb at any moment it's
unsafe it's it's not fair it's just I
feel bad for the kids the it's not the
kid's fault that this will happen it's
no one's fault it's not fair that this
is happening it shouldn't be happening I
I've came to this city here because my
house is too dangerous to live in
because rocket I've been seeing Rockets
going through the sky I've been getting
calls to leave my home and and go to the
and go to on the hospitals it really has
been very stressful for everyone the
family for my family not just for my
family for everyone for everyone in the
country the war really has affected God
in a horrible way this homes have been
destroyed there people sleeping on the
streets you can see Rubble nearly
everywhere you go it's really it's
horrible there's fires smoke anywhere
you look it's sand
everywhere it's like a war zone
it is a war
[Music]
zone maybe I can leave Gaza if if Rafa
does open um then alhamdulillah maybe I
could leave because of the bombs clearly
no one wants to die obviously everyone
including me and my family we're all
stressed out we don't know what to do if
if raford doesn't open we could be in
serious trouble I don't I don't know
what to do uh I've been in this War I
don't know five six days now I've I've
lost track of the weeks really has been
so
stressful I'm going to say what you have
right now don't take advantage of it cuz
you never know when you could lose
it